1) You are working at a client site and helping out the client to analyse call test results.

One of the Cyara consultants in the office has sent you his analysis in the form of the call recordings for the 

test calls. He has sent you the call recordings in 5 folders. 

Each folder contains 5 call recordings each, so a total of 25 call recordings. Four of the folders contain call 

recordings which are successful calls. One of the folders contains failed call recordings which the client has 

requested to listen to. 

Unfortunately, the Cyara consultant is in another time zone and has gone home for the day. He also did not 

label which folder contained the failed recordings, but you do know the time length of a good recording and 

each bad recording is 1 sec in length shorter than a good recording. 

So all successful recordings are the same length in time, and all failed recordings are 1 second shorter. 

However, all call recordings have the same file size, so using ‘dir’ or ‘ls’ to look at file sizes will not show any 

differences between good and bad recordings. 

You have at your disposal an audio file editor called ‘SuperCyaraAudioEditor’ which you downloaded a while 

ago but it is a trial version and can only be run 10 times. You have already used it 9 times previously for other 

purposes and have ONE last use. The tool has a feature to show the time length of the wav file or total time 

lengths of all the wave files in a particular directory and the trial has disabled the audio playback feature. 

Is there a way for you pinpoint the folder containing the failed calls with your one and only last usage of 

‘SuperCyaraAudioEditor’ (There are no other tools available at your disposal)?

[AT] 
Steps to resolve:
1. rename each folder sequentually, ie 1,2,3,4,5
2. create new folder, say temp, and copy over files from {1..5} to that folder in a such way, that number of files we take would correspond to the numeric name of the folder. For instance from folder 1 we take 1 file, from folder 2 we take 2 files etc. As result we should get 15 files in temp folder
3. since we know the length of successful recording (say N), we may assume that total length of recordings in temp folder might've been equal to 15*N if all recordings were correct. However, we know that among these recordings there are corrupted ones, that length is less by 1 sec. With help of editor we can measure the real total length of recordings in temp folder and we can evaluate a difference compared to 15*N. For instance 1 sec difference would point on recordings from folder 1, 2 sec difference would point on folder 2 etc.
As result with only one measuring we can pinpoint the folder with corrupted recordings.



2) In 1974, on a hot humid September night in Melbourne (according to the Bureau of Meteorology), it was 

raining heavily at midnight. What is the probability closest to 1 decimal place that 72 hours later it was sunny 

in Melbourne? 
[AT] probability is 0.0. 72 hours later from midnight is still midnight.
 
3) In Australia a date such as 4th Oct 2010 is written as 4/10/2010. In the USA it is written as 10/4/2010. How 
many such ambiguous dates are there in a year that fall into this category? Write a sample SQL insert 
statement that inserts data into a single date field which would avoid this ambiguity.
[AT] 1. there are 12x12=144 such dates (01-12 months, 01-12 days, every next number starting 13 unambiguously determines the month position in the date) 
2. It's not clear what's required - whether I need to determine the date format based on the numbers I given, or just to be able to save all dates in one format to avoid ambiguity. In latter case I'd use next sql (for Oracle )
insert into temp_table(date) values (to_date("04/10/2010),"DD/MM/YYYY"); 

4.
https://github.com/atrok/Tests/blob/master/ListDirectories/src/main/Start.java

5) Test Blocks

Cyara Professional Services sells Load testing in blocks of 4, 6, 9, 20 hours
(a) Find all the number of whole hours of testing that the client cannot order or sign up for.
1,2,3,5,7,11

(b) No script, didn't have enough time to consider it
I'm inclined to use something from numbers theory (euclidian algorithm?) to achieve this


